Can someone who can refuse a promotion be an ordinary person?
It's an honor to be recognized by the leadership.
Then our project is
The project is handed over to Mr. Su
I'm relieved.
Mr. Su, if there is no problem
Sign right here.
That's it.
The ability to be careful
I can trust it.
Thank you to the Vice President for choosing our Su Group
Happy cooperation
Mr. Su, me and Xiaoxin
I have a few more words to chat with you privately.
Do you mind?
Mr. Su, we haven't seen each other for a long time
Just chat a few words
Very thoughtful
It's not appropriate to leave a good big event
Come here to be a subordinate to others
Your brain is flooded
sister
Sunan is what I've been looking for
He is the one
Don't blame my sister for not reminding you.
So much time has passed
People can change
How can you be sure that he will always be waiting for you?